Add Fleet Server docs (#585)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/tab-widgets/add-fleet-server/content.asciidoc

// tag::ess[]

// QUESTION: Should we add a warning here about updating to 7.13 and include a

> // link to the upgrade docs? 

Reviewer: could be nice to cross-link it... and to explicitly note that any Agents connected to pre-7.13 stacks, will be automatically unenrolled upon the upgrade of the stack to 7.13.  And they will nee to all be enrolled against a Fleet Server.

Author: I'm going to leave this topic as-is for now until we have upgrade info, then I will add links where they are needed.

{ecloud} runs a hosted version of {fleet-server}. To use {fleet-server}, start
the service:

> //TODO: Describe how to start the service.

Reviewer: The planned usage will be something close to:
Start up a cloud hosted Fleet Server by adding an APM & Fleet node in the cloud customization dialog.
<img width="805" alt="APM+Fleet-note" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12970373/116158879-4618eb00-a6bd-11eb-9b5a-713a69c1c866.png">

When you're done, log in to {kib} and go to *Management > {fleet}*. Click the
*Agents* tab to confirm that {fleet-server} is running and healthy.

//TODO: Add screen capture.

> On the *Policies* tab, notice that the {agent} is enrolled in the Elastic Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the *Policies* tab, notice that the {agent} is enrolled in the 'Elastic Agent on Cloud policy'
```

Reviewer: <img width="491" alt="Screen Shot 2021-04-26 at 6 33 36 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12970373/116159295-f981df80-a6bd-11eb-9880-e548addd6dba.png">

Reviewer: and if there is a better way to cite the policy's actual name, go for it, I don't know if it is proper to use 'single' quotes or if we should just use Captilization, or what.  :)

Author: Typically we do not put names in quotes like this.

policy. This policy is managed by {ecloud}. You cannot modify it.

// end::ess[]

// tag::self-managed[]

To deploy {fleet-server} on a self-managed cluster, install an {agent} and
enroll it in the default {fleet-server} policy. The policy is created
automatically when you run {fleet} for the first time.

To add {fleet-server}:

> //QUESTION: Do we want to show how to call the API to generate the token, or

Reviewer 2: Focus on easy setup. Ideally the setup would have enough docs directly in the UI.

> //walk users through the easy setup with the UI?

Reviewer: This likely shouldn't need API docs, the token generation is exposed in the UI now... a last minute addition that will help users greatly.  see screenshot:
![Screen Shot 2021-04-26 at 6 38 35 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12970373/116159686-ac523d80-a6be-11eb-8200-40f5c425510d.png)

Author: I think we might want to have two different sections: this section, which points users to the UI, and a separate section that describes how to do this from a command line. I tried to do a hybrid with the Elastic Agent steps for 7.12 and that was a little confusing to users. I think we might need two sections: the "happy path" through the UI, and detailed steps (command, API calls for generating token, etc) for folks who are using automation or want to do everything from one CLI. WDYT?

. Log in to {kib} and go to *Management > {fleet}*.

. Click *Fleet settings*, and in the *Fleet Server hosts* field, specify the URL
{agent}s will use to connect to {fleet-server}. For example,
`https://1.2.3.4:8220`, where `1.2.3.4` is the host IP where you will install
{fleet-server}.

> 

Author: TODO: Also point out field for setting connection to Elasticsearch. :-)

// tag::ess[]

// QUESTION: Should we add a warning here about updating to 7.13 and include a
// link to the upgrade docs? 

{ecloud} runs a hosted version of {fleet-server}. To use {fleet-server}, start
the service:

//TODO: Describe how to start the service.

When you're done, log in to {kib} and go to *Management > {fleet}*. Click the
*Agents* tab to confirm that {fleet-server} is running and healthy.

//TODO: Add screen capture.

> On the *Policies* tab, notice that the {agent} is enrolled in the Elastic Agent on Cloud policy

Reviewer 3: "policy policy"

```suggestion
On the *Policies* tab, notice that the {agent} is enrolled in the Elastic Agent on Cloud
```
